hey guys it's ashley welcome back to my
channel so today I have a tutorial on
what Rihanna wore to the american music
awards and i absolutely loved her
signature kind of cat eye look so i hope
that you guys enjoy this tutorial and
let's just get right into it
alright I'm starting off with my brows
and I'm just using to face brownie and
you can just kind of fill your browsing
kind of to look like her or however you
want so now I'm going to be taking a
painterly Paint Pot and applying that
all over my lid as a base
so what's a tutorial with Rihanna
without using the Brianna palette so i'm
using the re-read palette from mac and i
love this color so much and actually i
love the whole entire palette but i'm
just taking the kind of like medium gold
kind of color and it's like a gold brown
and I'm apply that all on my lids now
just keep in mind that Rihanna does have
a darker skin tone so this look is going
to look completely different on someone
who has darker skin is going to probably
look a little bit more like Brianna but
that's why it looks a little dark from
me so I just been taking that with a
flat brush and applying it all on my lid
now i'm taking the darkest gold brown
kind of color and i'm going to take that
with a crease brush i took like so much
of that but i'm just going to take that
input it into my outer corner
blend it out girl
so now I'm just taking the gold color in
this palette and i absolutely love love
love this gold color and i'm going to
put this right into my inner tear duct
and also on my lid just a little bit
just to have like that nice shimmer i'm
also going to apply this on my brow bone
because Rihanna had a really nice brow
color that looked like it was gold right
underneath her brow so I'm using this
color and it is absolutely perfect I'm
just going to be taking my Urban Decay
24-7 glide on eye pencil and 0 and
lining my waterline also my tight line
now I'm just going to take this color
and drag it all along my lower lashline
and also on my upper lash line and this
is how we're going to create our wing
but don't worry if it's not too perfect
because we're going to go over that with
some liquid liner all right so now I'm
just winging it out just a little bit
and you can just create like a small
kind of wing it wasn't too big but just
make sure it's in line with the end of
your brow so it kind of is just all in a
line just like that so follow it from
your lower lash line all the way up to
your brow now I'm just taking a sparkly
black eyeshadow for mac and all of the
products to be listed below but this is
in Mont black and I'm just going to take
this with an angled eyeliner brush from
Ecotools my face and I'm just going to
set this um liner with this black shadow
so it stays on all day
also going to drag this color right
along my lower lashline just so that it
gives us that nice rich full color
underneath our eyes and that is exactly
what Rihanna had on and just made her
eyes pop so much and loved it so now I'm
just taking the color that I used on my
lid in the beginning and I'm going to
drag that right along my lower lash line
underneath the black because it wasn't
totally black under her eyes she
actually had a little bit of brown all
right now taking some liquid liner I'm
just using L'Oreal linear intense and
I'm just going to start to make a line
because it kind of looked like she had
two eyeliners on one that was pencil and
then also one that looks a little more
liquidy so I'm just mixing both of them
together you guys can totally like take
your pick and use one or the other but
i'm using both today and i'm just going
to extend this line a little more and
bring it right onto my lid all right for
the covergirl LashBlast of volume oh my
gosh love this mascara I'm going to use
this one for my eyes because i'm not
using fake lashes today but you guys
definitely can and i'm playing that on
my uppers and lowers so yeah this is the
finished i look and i absolutely love it
so much it's so pretty and as i said
before it's going to look totally
different on everybody skin tone but
this is just my interpretation of it so
now i'm going to move on to my cheeks
and I am just using a carl blush and
this plush is from sephora
and for lips I'm just using blankety
lipstick from Mac and this looks almost
exactly like the exact color that she
uses and i love it and i'm just applying
that on both of my lips that sounds
funny but yeah so now i want to show you
guys kind of how to get a bronzy skin
and she has a really really nice glow to
her skin especially when she was on
stage you could really see it so i'm
just using royal oil from to face and
i'm just going to apply that all over
like my chest area and my arm so i
looked a little bit more shimmery so
this completes the full look and i hope
that you guys enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching and I hope that
was helpful free for you guys and if you
do this look definitely post it to me on
instagram and i would love to see it so
i love you guys so much thank you so
much for watching spy or how to get this
glowy Briana's skin
make like a lie face but not the eyes my
eyes are like different piece
please